Rewrite HTTP security BBEs (#3791)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/http-client-basic-authentication/http_client_basic_authentication.md

# HTTP client - Basic authentication

> The `http:Client` can be secured with basic authentication by enriching each request from the client with the `Authorization: Basic <token>` header. The username and password for basic authentication can be specified in the `auth` field of the client configuration. Use this to communicate with the service, which is secured with basic authentication.

Author: ```suggestion
The `http:Client` can connect to a service that is secured with basic authentication by adding the `Authorization: Basic <token>` header to each request. The username and password for basic authentication can be specified in the `auth` field of the client configuration. Use this to communicate with the service, which is secured with basic authentication.
```

> The `http:Client` can be secured with basic authentication by enriching each request from the client with the `Authorization: Basic <token>` header. The username and password for basic authentication can be specified in the `auth` field of the `http:ClientConfiguration`. Use this to communicate with the service, which is secured with basic authentication.

Reviewer: The username and password for basic authentication can be specified in the `auth` field of the client configuration.

IMO above is better.

Author: +1

Author: Fixed via [4fdc839](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution/pull/3791/commits/4fdc83992465d9b18e44fbc5e824f2393d34dd7b)

> The `http:Client` can be secured with basic authentication by enriching each request from the client with the `Authorization: Basic <token>` header. The username and password for basic authentication can be specified in the `auth` field of the `http:ClientConfiguration`. Use this to communicate with the service, which is secured with basic authentication.

Author: ```suggestion
The `http:Client` can be secured with basic authentication by enriching each request from the client with the `Authorization: Basic <token>` header. The username and password for basic authentication can be specified in the `auth` field of the client configuration. Use this to communicate with the service, which is secured with basic authentication.
```

> An `http:Client` can be secured with basic authentication. This is achieved by enriching each request from the client with the `Authorization: Basic <token>` header. The username and password for basic authentication can be specified in the `auth` field of the `http:ClientConfiguration`. Use this to communicate with the service, which is secured with basic authentication.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `http:Client` can be secured with basic authentication. This is achieved by enriching each request from the client with the `Authorization: Basic <token>` header. The username and password for basic authentication can be specified in the `auth` field of the `http:ClientConfiguration`. Use this to communicate with the service, which is secured with basic authentication.
```
